README.md, before:

# WooMinecraft - Self-hosted Minecraft Donations

WooMinecraft is a bukkit/spigot plugin for your Minecraft server that provides a self-hosted donation solution.  By leveraging a well known eCommerce plugin on the
WordPress side of things, we allow you to specify commands for product variations, general product commands, and resending of donations at any time.   
![WooMinecraft Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft/dev-nightly/src/main/resources/wmc-logo.jpg)

### WordPress Plugin
You'll need the WordPress plugin for this MC Plugin to work - you can [get it here](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/woominecraft-wp).

## How does it work?
This bridges the gap between PHP, and Java by leveraging both the bukkit/spigot API ( java ) and the WordPress API with WooCommerce support ( php ). It stores commands
per order, per player, per command ( yes you read that right ) in the WordPress database.  This plugin, either when an op requests it, or on a timer, sends a request to
the WordPress server to check for donations for all online players.

If online players have commands waiting to be processed, then all necessary commands are ran.  There is NO LIMIT to the type of commands you can set, `give`, `i`, `tp`, etc... all commands are ran
by the console sender, and not a player.

## Contributions

As with all Github projects, we encourage our users to contribute, even if it's just a small as [opening an issue](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft).  Every little bit helps, especially with pre-releases
that may be unstable.

Please review the [Contributors Guidelines](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for the best way to contribute. If you'd like to see our list of contributors, [check that out on github here](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft/graphs/contributors).

## Changelog

### 1.0.0
* First official release

## Current Bukkit Build

Currently supports Bukkit/Spigot 1.8.x

## New Tasks
- [x] Update to Spigot/Bukkit 1.8.x , #1
- [ ] Add Donation Signs , #2
- [ ] Add Donation GUI's , #3
- [x] Reorganize Plugin , #4
- [ ] Create Auto-Updater , #5
- [ ] Create Metrics , #6
- [x] Fully Test and Make Sure it works
- [x] Check if Below Tasks Were Completed , #8

## Tasks
- [x] Create Wiki , #1
- [x] Wiki: Bukkit Installation & Config , #2

Commit message:

Add mojang commercial guidelines link

README.md, after:

# WooMinecraft - Self-hosted Minecraft Donations

WooMinecraft is a bukkit/spigot plugin for your Minecraft server that provides a self-hosted donation solution.  By leveraging a well known eCommerce plugin on the
WordPress side of things, we allow you to specify commands for product variations, general product commands, and resending of donations at any time.   
![WooMinecraft Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft/dev-nightly/src/main/resources/wmc-logo.jpg)

## Mojang Guidelines
Since this plugin is GPL and entirely opensource, we cannot be sure how you will use this. However, when providing 'donation' options, you are still considered a 
`commercial` entity and therefore are bound to the [Mojang Commercial Usage Guidelines](https://account.mojang.com/terms#commercial)

### WordPress Plugin
You'll need the WordPress plugin for this MC Plugin to work - you can [get it here](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/woominecraft-wp).

## How does it work?
This bridges the gap between PHP, and Java by leveraging both the bukkit/spigot API ( java ) and the WordPress API with WooCommerce support ( php ). It stores commands
per order, per player, per command ( yes you read that right ) in the WordPress database.  This plugin, either when an op requests it, or on a timer, sends a request to
the WordPress server to check for donations for all online players.

If online players have commands waiting to be processed, then all necessary commands are ran.  There is NO LIMIT to the type of commands you can set, `give`, `i`, `tp`, etc... all commands are ran
by the console sender, and not a player.

## Contributions

As with all Github projects, we encourage our users to contribute, even if it's just a small as [opening an issue](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft).  Every little bit helps, especially with pre-releases
that may be unstable.

Please review the [Contributors Guidelines](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for the best way to contribute. If you'd like to see our list of contributors, [check that out on github here](https://github.com/WooMinecraft/WooMinecraft/graphs/contributors).

## Changelog

### 1.0.0
* First official release

## Current Bukkit Build

Currently supports Bukkit/Spigot 1.8.x

## New Tasks
- [x] Update to Spigot/Bukkit 1.8.x , #1
- [ ] Add Donation Signs , #2
- [ ] Add Donation GUI's , #3
- [x] Reorganize Plugin , #4
- [ ] Create Auto-Updater , #5
- [ ] Create Metrics , #6
- [x] Fully Test and Make Sure it works
- [x] Check if Below Tasks Were Completed , #8

## Tasks
- [x] Create Wiki , #1
- [x] Wiki: Bukkit Installation & Config , #2
